README.md, before:

# [Template X](https://github.com/uncleF/TemplateX)

## Overview

Template X was designed to improve front-end developer's workflow, by
providing basic project structure and foundation on top of the customizable
building tools. You'll be able to start develop right away — clone the
repo or just [download](https://github.com/uncleF/TemplateX/releases/latest) it.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/uncleF/TemplateX.git
```

Check [INSTALL.md](docs/INSTALL.md) to verify if your development
environment ready and [COMMANDS.md](docs/COMMANDS.md) for the list of
available commands.

## Features

* HTML5 ready.
* Cross-browser compatible baseline CSS styles build using robust Sass framework.
* Common basic Media Queries.
* Basic print stylesheet.
* Boilerplate Service Worker.
* Boilerplate WebApp manifest.
* Uses [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/) for feature detection.
* Uses [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) as it's task runner ([Getting started with Grunt.JS](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started)).

## Inspiration

TemplateX was partly inspired by
[Mobile HTML5 Boilerplate](http://html5boilerplate.com/mobile/).

Commit message:

Add common issues to readme

README.md, after:

# [Template X](https://github.com/uncleF/TemplateX)

## Overview

Template X was designed to improve front-end developer's workflow, by
providing basic project structure and foundation on top of the customizable
building tools. You'll be able to start develop right away — clone the
repo or just [download](https://github.com/uncleF/TemplateX/releases/latest) it.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/uncleF/TemplateX.git
```

Check [INSTALL.md](docs/INSTALL.md) to verify if your development
environment ready and [COMMANDS.md](docs/COMMANDS.md) for the list of
available commands.

## Features

* HTML5 ready.
* Cross-browser compatible baseline CSS styles build using robust Sass framework.
* Common basic Media Queries.
* Basic print stylesheet.
* Boilerplate Service Worker.
* Boilerplate WebApp manifest.
* Uses [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/) for feature detection.
* Uses [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) as it's task runner ([Getting started with Grunt.JS](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started)).

## Common issues
> ERR! Failed at the node-sass postinstall script 'node scripts/build.js'

Try to install this:
```
sudo apt install -y build-essential gcc make libpng-dev
```
And make sure python2 is installed

## Inspiration

TemplateX was partly inspired by
[Mobile HTML5 Boilerplate](http://html5boilerplate.com/mobile/).
